README.md, before:

# mobile-flashcards
A cross-platform mobile application for Android and IOS in React Native, a project work for the Udacity Nano Degree


## Run

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) to run this React Native App.

```bash
npm start
```

## Environment Setup

[Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)


## Running on Device

[Running on Device](https://reactnative.dev/docs/running-on-device)

## Expo 

[Expo Docs](https://expo.io/learn)

## Expo CLI
[Expo CLI - Managed Workflow](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/workflow/expo-cli/)

[Icons](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/icons/)

[Vector Icons](https://expo.github.io/vector-icons/)

[Fonts](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/using-custom-fonts/)


## React Navigation
[React Navigation Docs](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/getting-started)

[Nesting navigation](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/nesting-navigators)

## React Native Express

[Examples](http://www.reactnativeexpress.com/)

## Redux Integration

[Redux Integration](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/redux-integration)

## React Navigation Hooks
[React Navigation Hooks](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/use-navigation)

## Statusbar

[Config Statusbar](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/configuring-statusbar/)

## Notifications

[Local Notifications](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/notifications/#notificationspresentlocalnotificationasynclocalnotification)

Commit message:

Local notification logic has been added and tested

README.md, after:

# mobile-flashcards
A cross-platform mobile application for Android and IOS in React Native, a project work for the Udacity Nano Degree

This application functionality is tested in Android and IOS


## Run

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) to run this React Native App.

```bash
npm start
```

or 

```bash
yarn start
```



## Environment Setup

[Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)


## Running on Device

[Running on Device](https://reactnative.dev/docs/running-on-device)

## Expo 

[Expo Docs](https://expo.io/learn)

## Expo CLI
[Expo CLI - Managed Workflow](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/workflow/expo-cli/)

[Icons](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/icons/)

[Vector Icons](https://expo.github.io/vector-icons/)

[Fonts](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/using-custom-fonts/)


## React Navigation
[React Navigation Docs](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/getting-started)

[Nesting navigation](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/nesting-navigators)

## React Native Express

[Examples](http://www.reactnativeexpress.com/)

## Redux Integration

[Redux Integration](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/redux-integration)

## React Navigation Hooks
[React Navigation Hooks](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/use-navigation)

## Statusbar

[Config Statusbar](https://docs.expo.io/versions/v37.0.0/guides/configuring-statusbar/)

## Notifications

[Local Notifications](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/notifications/#notificationspresentlocalnotificationasynclocalnotification)
